plugin/sdkv2: Revamp running acceptance testing section and document TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_VERSION environment variable (#2147)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/plugin/sdkv2/testing/acceptance-tests/index.mdx

func TestAccXxx(*testing.T)
```

## Requirements and Recommendations

Acceptance tests have the following requirements:

> - **[Go](https://go.dev/)**: Typically the most recent stable version.

Reviewer: Typically makes us sound unsure 

```suggestion
- **[Go](https://go.dev/)**: The most recent stable version.
```

- If the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_VERSION` environment variable is set, the framework will install and use that Terraform CLI version.
- If both the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_PATH` and `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_VERSION` environment variables are unset, the framework will search for the Terraform CLI binary based on the operating system `PATH`. If the framework cannot find the specified binary, it installs the latest available Terraform CLI binary.

Refer to the [Environment Variables](#environment-variables) section for more details about behaviors and valid configurations.

## Running Acceptance Tests

Ensure that the [acceptance testing requirements](#requirements-and-recommendations) are met and then use the [`go test`](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/go/internal/test) command to run acceptance tests. You can run the acceptance tests on any environment capable of running `go test`, such as a local workstation [command line](#command-line), or continuous integration runner, such as [GitHub Actions](#github-actions).

~> **Note**: Acceptance tests typically create and destroy actual infrastructure resources, possibly incurring expenses during or after the test duration.

> ### Running Tests with the Command Line

Reviewer: I was thinking through this and realized that not starting everything with "running" would likely make this easier to skim - thoughts? 

```suggestion
### Command Line Workflow
```

> Run acceptance testing via the command line of any workstation. Use these instructions as the basis for other environments such as continuous integration runners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run acceptance testing with the command line of any workstation. Use these instructions as the basis for other environments such as continuous integration runners.
```

> The following example will typically execute all available acceptance tests in a provider codebase:

Reviewer: When we say "typically" it makes me feel like we need to explain why. Can we take it out?

Author: Providers can technically implement non-`go test` based testing. I'll remove `typically` for the 99% case though.

```suggestion
The following example will execute all available acceptance tests in a provider codebase:
```

```shell
TF_ACC=1 go test -v ./...
```

Some provider codebases also implement a [Makefile](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/make.html#Makefiles) with a `testacc` target, which will set `TF_ACC` and other testing flags automatically.

> The following Makefile configuration example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example Makefile configuration:
```

```make
testacc:
  TF_ACC=1 go test -v ./...
```

> Enables developers to use the following to run acceptance tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Makefile configuration lets developers to use the following command to run acceptance tests:
```

```shell
make testacc
```

### Running Tests with GitHub Actions

If using [GitHub](https://github.com/), run acceptance testing via [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions). Other continuous integration runners, while not exhaustively documented, are also supported.

Create a [GitHub Actions workflow](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions) file, such as `.github/workflows/test.yaml`, that:

- Runs when pull requests are submitted (or on [other events](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/events-that-trigger-workflows) as appropriate)
- Uses [`actions/checkout`](https://github.com/actions/checkout) to checkout the provider codebase
- Uses [`actions/setup-go`](https://github.com/actions/setup-go) to install Go
- Uses [`hashicorp/setup-terraform`](https://github.com/hashicorp/setup-terraform) to install Terraform CLI
- Runs the `go test` command with the appropriate environment variables and flags

> 

Author: ```suggestion

Use the [`matrix`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idstrategymatrix) strategy for more advanced configuration, such as running acceptance testing against multiple Terraform CLI versions.

```

The following example workflow runs acceptance testing for the provider using the latest patch versions of Go 1.17 and Terraform CLI 1.1:

```yaml
name: Terraform Provider Tests

on:
  pull_request:
    paths:
      - '.github/workflows/test.yaml'
      - '**.go'

permissions:
  # Permission for checking out code
  contents: read

jobs:
  acceptance:
    name: Acceptance Tests
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - uses: actions/setup-go@v2
        with:
          go-version: '1.17'
      - uses: hashicorp/setup-terraform@v1
        with:
          terraform_version: '1.1.*'
          terraform_wrapper: false
      - run: go test -v -cover ./...
        env:
          TF_ACC: '1'
  unit:
    name: Unit Tests
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - uses: actions/setup-go@v2
        with:
          go-version: '1.17'
      - run: go test -v -cover ./...
```

> Use the [`matrix`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idstrategymatrix) strategy for more advanced configuration, such as running acceptance testing against multiple Terraform CLI versions.

Reviewer: Maybe move this to above the examples? Just so it doesn't get lost.

Author: I'll move it up. 👍 

```suggestion
```

Each provider may have additional requirements and setup recommendations. Refer to the provider's codebase for more details.

### Terraform CLI Installation Behaviors

The testing framework implements the following Terraform CLI discovery and installation behaviors:

- If the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_PATH` environment variable is set, the framework will use that Terraform CLI binary if it exists and is executable. If the framework cannot find the binary or it is not executable, the framework returns an error unless the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_VERSION` environment variable is also set.
- If the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_VERSION` environment variable is set, the framework will install and use that Terraform CLI version.
- If both the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_PATH` and `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_VERSION` environment variables are unset, the framework will search for the Terraform CLI binary based on the operating system `PATH`. If the framework cannot find the specified binary, it installs the latest available Terraform CLI binary.

Refer to the [Environment Variables](#environment-variables) section for more details about behaviors and valid configurations.

## Running Acceptance Tests

> Ensure that the [acceptance testing requirements](#requirements-and-recommendations) are met and then use the [`go test`](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/go/internal/test) command to run acceptance tests. You can run the acceptance tests on any environment capable of running `go test`, such as a local workstation [command line](#command-line), or continuous integration runner, such as [GitHub Actions](#github-actions).

Author: Anchor link fixes based on header changes.

```suggestion
Ensure that the [acceptance testing requirements](#requirements-and-recommendations) are met and then use the [`go test`](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/go/internal/test) command to run acceptance tests. You can run the acceptance tests on any environment capable of running `go test`, such as a local workstation [command line](#command-line-workflow), or continuous integration runner, such as [GitHub Actions](#github-actions-workflow).
```

~> **Note**: Acceptance tests typically create and destroy actual infrastructure resources, possibly incurring expenses during or after the test duration.

### Command Line Workflow

Run acceptance testing with the command line of any workstation. Use these instructions as the basis for other environments such as continuous integration runners.

The following example will execute all available acceptance tests in a provider codebase:

```shell
TF_ACC=1 go test -v ./...
```

Some provider codebases also implement a [Makefile](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/make.html#Makefiles) with a `testacc` target, which will set `TF_ACC` and other testing flags automatically.

The following is an example Makefile configuration:

```make
testacc:
  TF_ACC=1 go test -v ./...
```

The Makefile configuration lets developers to use the following command to run acceptance tests:

```shell
make testacc
```

> ### Running Tests with GitHub Actions

Author: To match the other section header change.

```suggestion
### GitHub Actions Workflow
```

## Running Acceptance Tests

> Verify provider functionality by running acceptance testing, which is typically done via the [`go test`](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/go/internal/test) command. After ensuring [Requirements](#requirements-and-recommendations) are met, use any environment capable of running `go test`, such as a local workstation [command line](#command-line), or continuous integration runner, such as [GitHub Actions](#github-actions), to run the acceptance tests.

Author: So much better, thank you.

~> **NOTE**: These tests typically create and destroy actual infrastructure resources, possibly incurring expenses during or after the test duration.

> ### Requirements and Recommendations

Author: I think since we now have the "ensure the requirements are met" sentence, we can move this. 👍  Will do so after applying some of these great suggestions.

- **TF_ACC Environment Variable**: Set to any value. Prevents developers from incurring unintended charges when running other Go tests.

Additional recommendations for running acceptance tests:

- **Separate Account**: Use a separate provider account or namespace for acceptance testing. This ensures no unexpected infrastructure is modified or destroyed due to potential code or testing issues.
- **Previous Terraform CLI Installation**: Install Terraform CLI either into the operating system `PATH` or use the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_PATH` environment variable prior to running acceptance tests. Otherwise, the testing framework will download and install the latest Terraform CLI version into a temporary directory for every test invocation. Refer to the [Terraform CLI Installation Behaviors](#terraform-cli-installation-behaviors) section for additional details.

-> Each provider may have more specific requirements and setup recommendations. Check the provider codebase for more details.

#### Terraform CLI Installation Behaviors

The testing framework implements the following Terraform CLI discovery and installation behaviors:

> - If the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_PATH` environment variable is set, that Terraform CLI binary is used if it exists and is executable. If not found or executable, an error will be returned unless the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_VERSION` environment variable is also set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_PATH` environment variable is set, the framework will use that Terraform CLI binary if it exists and is executable. If the framework cannot find the binary or it is not executable, the framework returns an error unless the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_VERSION` environment variable is also set.
```

> - If the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_VERSION` environment variable is set, install and use that Terraform CLI version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_VERSION` environment variable is set, the framework will install and use that Terraform CLI version.
```

> - If both the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_PATH` and `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_VERSION` environment variables are unset, perform a lookup for the Terraform CLI binary based on the operating system `PATH`. If not found, the latest available Terraform CLI binary is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If both the `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_PATH` and `TF_ACC_TERRAFORM_VERSION` environment variables are unset, the framework will search for the Terraform CLI binary based on the operating system `PATH`. If the framework cannot find the specified binary, it installs the latest available Terraform CLI binary.
```

Refer to the [Environment Variables](#environment-variables) section for more details about behaviors and valid configurations.

> ### Command Line

Reviewer: you know now that I see this I wonder if it should be combined with the text we have at the beginning of the "Running Acceptance Tests" section. I feel like we kind of already told them up there and so then it feels weird to have this here but in more detail, if that makes sense.

So I think you could take out that intro text and drop it here. And then I was thinking - do we need this "running acceptance tests" ## section at all, or could we promote these subsections up a level. So Requirements becomes ## Requirements, etc.  Thoughts?

Author: ```suggestion
### Running Tests with the Command Line
```

Run acceptance testing via the command line of any workstation. Use these instructions as the basis for other environments such as continuous integration runners.

The following example will typically execute all available acceptance tests in a provider codebase:

```shell
TF_ACC=1 go test -v ./...
```

Some provider codebases also implement a [Makefile](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/make.html#Makefiles) with a `testacc` target, which will set `TF_ACC` and other testing flags automatically.

The following Makefile configuration example:

```make
testacc:
  TF_ACC=1 go test -v ./...
```

Enables developers to use the following to run acceptance tests:

```shell
make testacc
```

> ### GitHub Actions

Reviewer: Maybe would make it clearer?

```suggestion
### Running Tests with GitHub Actions
```

> If using [GitHub](https://github.com/), run acceptance testing via [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions). Other continuous integration runners, while not exhaustively documented, are also supported.

Reviewer: do we have a list of which ones we support?

Author: Technically, any. I just didn't want folks to think GitHub Actions was the only way. 😅  We would need to spend some time to figure out configurations for other CI environments like CircleCI, GitLab, etc.

Reviewer: hahaha okay fair - I'll let this go

## Running Acceptance Tests

> ~> **NOTE**: Acceptance tests typically create and destroy actual infrastructure resources, possibly incurring expenses during or after the test duration, and often require network connectivity and provider-specific credentials.

Reviewer: I also don't love starting out with a note. Could we maybe move this to be just under a description of what acceptance tests do?

```suggestion
~> **NOTE**: Acceptance tests typically create and destroy actual infrastructure resources, possibly incurring expenses during or after the test. They also often require network connectivity and provider-specific credentials.
```

> Acceptance testing runs Terraform CLI commands to end-to-end verify provider functionality. Terraform CLI version 0.12.26 or later is required. Creating real infrastructure in tests verifies the described behavior of providers in real world use
> cases against the actual APIs, and verifies both local and remote state values match. It is recommended to run acceptance tests in a separate testing account or namespace. This ensures no unexpected infrastructure is modified or destroyed due to potential code or testing issues.

Reviewer: I think it could make sense to move the version info and the recommendation about namespaces to a new section below....refer to my comment there :-) 

```suggestion
Acceptance testing runs Terraform CLI commands to verify provider functionality end to end.  Creating real infrastructure in tests verifies the behavior of providers in real-world use cases and verifies that local and remote state values match. 
```

> Each acceptance test will automatically find or install Terraform CLI into a separate temporary directory based on the following behaviors:

Reviewer: I had a thought on this. Could we make like a "Preparing Acceptance Tests" or "Requirements and Setup" section? It kind of seems to me like what we actually want to do here is tell people:
- You need Terraform CLI version 0.12.26 or later.
- Set the environment variables for the temporary directory.
- Set the environment `TF_ACC` environment variable. 
- We recommend that you run the acceptance tests in a separate account of namespace.
- We recommend that you install CLI before running your tests.

Anyway I think this could have its own subheading and we could approach it more as a "do these concrete things" rather than a few paragraphs of information. LMK what you think of this idea/if you want to talk about it!

The environment variable `TF_ACC` is typically required to be set to any value in order to run acceptance tests. This is by design and intended to prevent developers from incurring unintended charges when running tests.

For example, the following will typically execute all available acceptance tests in a provider codebase:

```shell
TF_ACC=1 go test -v ./...
```

Some provider codebases also implement a [Makefile](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/make.html#Makefiles) with a `testacc` target, which will set `TF_ACC` and other testing flags automatically.

For example, the following Makefile configuration:

```make
testacc:
  TF_ACC=1 go test -v ./...
```

Enables developers to use the following to run acceptance tests:

```shell
make testacc
```

> ### GitHub Actions

Reviewer: Do they HAVE to do this, or is this an optional thing that makes it easier for them? We might want like a sentence of explanation to that effect.

- Uses [`actions/checkout`](https://github.com/actions/checkout) to checkout the provider codebase
- Uses [`actions/setup-go`](https://github.com/actions/setup-go) to install Go
- Uses [`hashicorp/setup-terraform`](https://github.com/hashicorp/setup-terraform) to install Terraform CLI
- Runs the `go test` command with the appropriate environment variables and flags

For example:

```yaml
name: Terraform Provider Tests

on:
  pull_request:
    paths:
      - '.github/workflows/test.yaml'
      - '**.go'

permissions:
  # Permission for checking out code
  contents: read

jobs:
  acceptance:
    name: Acceptance Tests
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - uses: actions/setup-go@v2
        with:
          go-version: '1.17'
      - uses: hashicorp/setup-terraform@v1
        with:
          terraform_version: '1.1.*'
          terraform_wrapper: false
      - run: go test -v -cover ./...
        env:
          TF_ACC: '1'
  unit:
    name: Unit Tests
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - uses: actions/setup-go@v2
        with:
          go-version: '1.17'
      - run: go test -v -cover ./...
```

> More advanced configuration, such as running acceptance testing against multiple Terraform CLI versions, is possible via the [`matrix`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idstrategymatrix) strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`matrix`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idstrategymatrix) strategy for more advanced configuration, such as running acceptance testing against multiple Terraform CLI versions.
```

> For example, adjusting the job configuration:

Reviewer: When we have an example I like to format it as such: 

The following example....[explain what it does]

```yaml
jobs:
  acceptance:
    name: Acceptance Tests (Terraform ${{ matrix.terraform-version }})
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    strategy:
      fail-fast: false
      matrix:
        terraform-version:
          - '0.12.*'
          - '0.13.*'
          - '0.14.*'
          - '0.15.*'
          - '1.0.*'
          - '1.1.*'
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - uses: actions/setup-go@v2
        with:
          go-version: '1.17'
      - uses: hashicorp/setup-terraform@v1
        with:
          terraform_version: ${{ matrix.terraform-version }}
          terraform_wrapper: false
      - run: go test -v -cover ./...
        env:
          TF_ACC: '1'
```

> ## Environment Variables

Reviewer: what would you think about having a table with three columns 
- variable name, default, description

Could make the formatting nicer to look at and make it more readable
